Windows Defender ATP rewrite (#596)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: microsoft_atp/help.md

# Version History

> * 3.0.0 - Move connection functions to their own util class | Changed `Exception` to `PluginException` | Added error handling to `Action already in progress` in `Isolate Machine`, `Unisolate Machine`, `Stop and Quarantine File` and `Run Antivirus Scan` action | Update input in machine related actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 3.0.0 - Move connection functions to their own util class | Changed `Exception` to `PluginException` | Added error handling to `Action already in progress` in Isolate Machine, Unisolate Machine, Stop and Quarantine File, and Run Antivirus Scan action | Rename `machine_id` to `machine` in machine-related actions to support hostnames and IP addresses in addition to machine IDs.
```
